Add vkcs_networking_sdn data source (#440)
vk-cs/terraform-provider-vkcs: CHANGELOG.md

# VKCS Provider's changelog

#### v0.7.4 (unreleased)

> - Add vkcs_networking_sdn data source for getting available SDN's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add vkcs_networking_sdn data source for getting a list of available SDNs.
```

Author: done
